Diablo. Wyscig o wszystko 
110 min. 
Polska , 2019 
action 
18 January 2019 
Kino Swiat 
Michal Otlowski, Daniel Markowicz 
Michal Wlosok, Karolina Szymczak, Cezary Pazura 
"Diablo. The race for everything "- the most speedy blockbuster movie of 2019, which will surely satisfy all lovers of beautiful cars and crazy driving. The first production of this type in Poland is full of adrenaline and deafening engines of the story of a young boy who goes into the middle of a gangster's hell of illegal car racing. The world where you play only for the highest stakes, and any wrong decision may be the last one.
The high-octane cast included Tomasz Wlosok, Mikolaj Roznerski, Karolina Szymczak, Cezary Pazura, Rafal Mohr, Katarzyna Figura, Joanna Opozda, Aleksandra Linda, Patricia Kazadi, Agnieszka Wlodarczyk and Aleksy Komorowski. Other roles included: Double European Champion in drifting Karolina Pilarczyk - an award-winning participant in international motor racing and Marcin "Rózal" Rózalski - a popular KSW driver, heavyweight champion from 2017. The film's director is Michal Otlowski - the creator of the award-winning film 'Jezioraka' in Gdynia and the series 'Diagnoza'. Daniel Markowicz, advertising director and supervisor of special effects in many Hollywood and Polish productions cooperates with him.
Cuba's passion is fast cars, giddy speed and extreme races. His sister Lena must go through a very expensive operation abroad. In order to get the necessary funds, the boy decides to participate in illegal rallies. The talent and bravado of the young driver is noticed by the influential gangster Max. He proposes to the boy to participate in a notorious race, which many drivers have suffered from disability and even life. The award for the winner of the legendary struggle is the title "Diablo. Race for everything "and several hundred thousand euros. Kuba takes a risk and enters a suspicious world of big money, beautiful women and murky interests. It is in him that he meets Ewa - a gifted beauty, an unbending female player who becomes his passion with a fierce rival. Soon, however, the true identity of the girl comes to light. From then on Kuba's life will be in great danger.